# HW-7
Creating the web applications using Razor Pages EF and MVC EF. In this tutorial we learned to create a web application that holds the University information on the website. The website allows to view, edit, add, and delete students, instructors, courses, etc.. We used Razor page and MVC to create same web application that function the same ways. But there was the differences on the code, efficency, ease, and length of code. 

# What is the difference between database first and code first approaches?
# Code first
Very popular because hardcore programmers don't like any kind of designers and defining mapping in EDMX xml is too complex.
Full control over the code (no autogenerated code which is hard to modify).
General expectation is that you do not bother with DB. DB is just a storage with no logic. EF will handle creation and you don't want to know how it does the job.
Manual changes to database will be most probably lost because your code defines the database.

# Database first
Very popular if you have DB designed by DBAs, developed separately or if you have existing DB.
You will let EF create entities for you and after modification of mapping you will generate POCO entities.
If you want additional features in POCO entities you must either T4 modify template or use partial classes.
Manual changes to the database are possible because the database defines your domain model. You can always update model from database (this feature works quite well).
I often use this together VS Database projects (only Premium and Ultimate version).

# Explain a scenario where using the Scaffold-DbContext would be beneficial.
Scaffolding is a great way of kick-starting model-view-controller (MVC) framework development. Visual Studio's MVC Scaffolding uses templates to generate the routine code that is common to all ASP.Net MVC builds, such as data access and Web API. It allows the developer to concentrate on what is unique to the application.

# What is the difference between configuration by using Data Annotation Attributes vs. using Fluent API?
Everything what you can configure with DataAnnotations is also possible with the Fluent API. The reverse is not true. So, from the viewpoint of configuration options and flexibility the Fluent API is "better".
The fluent API is considered a more advanced feature and we would recommend using Data Annotations unless your requirements require you to use the fluent API.
